## intro

### git 

git is a [version control
system](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Git_%28software%29), which means it's
software that allows you to track and share changes to code. in git projects
are organized as repos (repositories). a repo is a structure that contains all
the commits (a single object that contains at least one change to one file and a
comment that explains what you changed) and history about them (when they were
pushed, what branch they're from, etc.). A repo can be branched; all the
changes will be done to that *branch* until you decide to merge the branches
back together.

### github

github is a website and community that hosts git repos. Git is a *distributed*
VCS, so your local copy of the repo actually usually contains every single
commit. Any repo can be used as a "central" repo, and even no central repo is
technically necessary. GitHub simply allows you to host a copy of the repo, and
also for you to easily contribute to and share open source projects. Repos can
be set as private but this repo is public ($$$). There's an issue tracker (to
complain about and track problems with the software) as well as a personal wiki
for each repo.There's also some nifty user management and other social features
that GitHub introduces. 

### python

[python](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Python_%28programming_language%29) is a
programming language. it's useful to learn because it's high level (you don't
have to mess with hardware level code), simple (to read, to write), and very
popular. Also [Godot](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Godot_%28game_engine%29) is
a game engine that we might use and it implements its own scripting language
that's based eavily on Python.

## assignments
### assignment 1

Assignment 1 will introduce you to git, github, and programming [in python]  
read the `README` in `assignment1/`
